# Regression-Models-Templates
In this repository I have shared the different machine learning regression models templates such as Simple, Multi_ linear regression and polynomial regression and the datasets to train &amp; test these models.

Please use the datasets Salary_Data, 50_Startups, Position_Salaries to train and test your simple_linear_regression, Multiple_linear_regression and Polynomial_Linear_regression respectively. feel free to play around with other regressors to compare the results and choose the best one which gives the accurate results.

Below is the description of each dataset:

1. Salary_Data: this dataset explains the description of business problem. we have two columns where the first columns is to the years of experience and the second column contains their corresponding salaries.
                 what the company is asking to do is to find out if there is any sort of correlation in salary and years of experiences. and try to predict the salary of the new employee based on his/her years of experinces.

2. 50_Startups: this dataset give the description of 50 startups, it has five columns and fifty rows (companies) the first column explain                 how much does the companies spend on research and development, the second column gives the details on how much the                       companies spend on adminstration, the third column explains how much the companies spend on marketing, the fourth one                     explains the geographical location of the companies and the rest column explains the profit of each companies for that                   financial. we dont know the companies  and the challenge here is to analyse this dataset and create the model that will                   tell which types of companies is the most interested in inventing. the profit is their dependent variable and the rest of                 the columns are the independent variables.

3.  Position_Salaries: this dataset contains the information of the salaries based on the positons. let's say we are human resource team  
                       working for a big company and we are about to hire a new employee in this company, this employee has a great potential and now it is time to negotiate about what is going to be the future salary of this new employee based on his experience and  salary of the previous company. the dataset contains all the information of the employee's previous company. this HR member made a simple analysis on excel or google sheet and observed that there is non_linear relationship between these position levels and their associated salaries, however this HR could get another relevant info. the task is to build a model which tells us whether the employee is telling the truth using polinomial regression. 
N.B: for this dataset we are going to build the linear_regression model exactly like the one we built for the Salary_Data and also of course we will build a polynimial_regressor and fit it to the datase. you might ask yourself why are we creating these two models here; it's simply to compare them.
